Say hi to our rainbow studio.
I'm your host, Craig Wynn.
This off to my left is Wookie.
And we're about to begin a new chapter
in appalling twistianity as we change our
focus from listening to what Yahowah had to
say about his beloved son, his chosen one,
the Messiah,
the former and returning king of Yisrael,
who happens to be Dowd,
not the mythical Jesus,
and with
Yahowah himself proving that Christianity
is untrue and that Jesus never existed and
therefore that Paul lied,
we're now going to turn our attention to
Paul himself and show that Paul is
sufficient in and of himself to prove that
he is a liar.
And it, of course,
is interesting that the author of the
letter to the Galatians,
which is Paul's first letter,
it's also the first
letter and book that would be written in
Christianity.
Unknown to most Christians,
the first fourteen books of the Christian
New Testament in terms of the order they
were written were all written by Paul.
The current order of things where
There is the book of Matthew,
followed by Mark, Luke, and John,
and then the book of Acts is totally
inappropriate.
Matthew would not be written until
ninety-five CE.
It was written by an imposter who did
nothing but plagiarize three sources.
Seventy to eighty percent of Matthew is
plagiarized from the
prior works of Mark and Luke,
with the final twenty percent coming from
the Ebyonim,
who were fluent in Hebrew and wrote what
the actual Messiah actually said at the
time, and that would have been Dowd.
And the book of John,
we have no idea who wrote the book
of John,
but it was also written around ninety five
CE.
It was written in Ephesus and there's
nothing to connect it with anybody who
would have been a disciple of the mythical
Jesus.
so what we really have is um the
first two books that would be considered
gospels um are using the term that Paul
invented gospel is a term that Paul
invents it's that's how it appears in
those uh texts and both men were
associated with Paul and they wrote the
gospel of Paul uh doing so about ten
years after Paul's death around seventy
five c e
So when we talk about Paul and his
letters,
it should be known and accepted because
it's true that the inventor of the
Christian religion is Paul.
And that the first, as I say,
fourteen books of the Christian New
Testament chronologically were all written
by Paul.
So the author of this first book,
which is Galatians,
the first book to exist in Christianity,
the book that introduced the idea that
there was an Iyusu Christu that was a
counterfeit of the actual Messiah doubt,
penned in fifty-two CE, begins with Sha'uwl,
which was the man's name,
changing his name so that he would embrace
a name.
chosen from among those of the Roman
occupiers of Judea,
which tells you whose side he was on.
It begins Palos, that is of Latin origin.
Then he says, I'm an apostle.
But the issue with claiming to be an
apostle is it's like saying that somebody
is the Christ.
It's like saying that somebody is a
disciple.
what there is no prophecy there's no
mention anywhere in the Torah prophets and
Psalms of an apostle or anyone remotely
akin to an apostle there's no mention of
a Paul so you can't say I I
am this fellow when there is no reference
to such a uh a fellow you hear
a motion going on it's the
dogs deciding that they were going to make
this their time to play in our set.
So there is just nothing to identify any
individuals that are possible.
It's true that Sha'uwl, by his real name,
is mentioned throughout the prophets,
and they call Yahowah's voice,
they call Paul, the plague of death,
the son of evil,
and the father of lies.
So it's
His mentions in the prophets are not
positive.
His actual name too, of course,
is synonymous with Sheowl
, which is hell.
So Apollos, an apostle,
he chose the title for himself because
there is no such title in Hebrew or
any variation of it.
So he's appointed a title for himself.
And then he claims that this title is
not from men,
not even by the means of man,
although it is a Greek title.
And therefore he took it from men,
the languages of men,
because there is no such title pertaining
to God, none.
So he's begun with men.
a lie two lies one is he changed
his name so if he changed his name
he's trying to disown his past and second
of all he claims that he was a
apostle not from men not even by means
of man but to the contrary on behalf
of iosu christu now that's the first
mention in
this world of an iosu christo that would
be a first mention in any world i
don't know why i said this world but
it's the first mention ever of an iosu
christo he was invented with those words
and if you're looking for a jesus christ
jesus was not spoken as a name until
the seventeenth century it was in the
third edition of the king james which is
actually the king iams at the time a
bible that
that Ayusu was changed to Jesus.
So here is the first time ever that
there is a mention of an Ayusu Christu.
Now,
the combination of problems here is Ayusu
Christu never existed.
He is nothing but a counterfeit of Dowd.
So you can't be an apostle of a
myth unless you want to be a writer
for children.
The second issue is that Iosu Christu is
not a Hebrew name,
and yet he wants to put this individual
in a prophetic setting,
and there is no Iosu Christu referred to
anywhere in the Torah and prophets.
You have just enormous problems beyond the
fact that
You have Christo following Iusu.
That's not possible.
The only reason that it sounds appropriate
now people say Jesus Christ,
that is to say, I'm really stupid,
is what that says.
For you to say Jesus Christ, forget it,
that it's Iusu Christo.
It says, I am too dumb for words.
What you're doing here is assuming that
Christo is the last name.
But
What you have to buy into to see
any of this as sane is you have
to assume that Christou is a translation,
a transliteration of a translation of a
title.
And if it's a title,
then it has to be Christou Iousou.
It can't be Iousou Christou.
It's like it's King George.
It's Genghis Khan.
It's the...
Titles precede names.
It is the Messiah, Dowd, for example.
It's Malak, King, Dowd.
But he has that afterwards so that he
has created a person where the title is
now a name.
And of course,
then you have the other issues of Christo
is from Christos,
which means to be drugged in the Greek
language.
And also there is no person that would
be known by the name Christos.
or even if you were to translate it
and forget about that it means drugged and
has no correlation of any kind with
Messiah,
the only prophecy that spoke of a coming
Messiah was spoken by the Messiah himself.
Gabriel is the one who delivered it.
Gabriel is God's most capable and
competent man.
Gabriel happens to be Dowd.
Dowd is the person that Yahowah three times
said he is the Messiah.
And so you can't have a title that
you're going to say has any relevancy to
anything that has been proclaimed when
that title belongs to another.
So you have a bogus name,
a bogus title.
They're presented out of order.
And then you have also a title for
the man himself who just changed his name.
And there's no reference to that title
anywhere to give it any credibility.
And if that were not enough,
because Ayusu Christu never existed,
guess who never quotes him?
He claims that he was authorized by means
of Iosu Cristo,
except for the fact he never once quotes
Iosu Cristo.
And Iosu Cristo,
even in the gospel accounts that were
written,
anywhere from twenty to fifty years after
this letter, guess what?
They don't have Iosu Cristo mentioning it.
Paulos, or even by his given name, Sha'uwl,
was going to be an apostle of his.
So you don't have any endorsement from
Iosu Christu.
You don't have any mention from Iosu
Christu of Paul.
And you don't have any citation from Paul
of Iosu Christu.
In other words,
he is lying through his teeth.
He is presenting himself as the god of
his religion,
And he's just using this name as a
way of kind of the royal we.
We're speaking together.
We're in this together.
Then he claims that Ayusu Christu and the
God,
father of the one having roused and
awakened him out of a lifeless corpse.
You got some problems here.
so now you're claiming for your ios who
christu you're misappropriating the title
messiah putting it out of order and then
you're writing theos as if that were the
proper title for god you don't know his
name and if you don't know Yahowah's name
and you don't use Yahowah's name according
to Yahowah you are a false prophet
therefore
He has identified himself as a false
prophet by referring to God as Theos.
And on top of that, by saying father,
he's stealing a second time from Dowd
because according to Yahowah ,
the only person that can claim to be
the son of God and has God said,
I am his father,
Only person that that applies to, again,
is David.
So he is setting himself up as a
two-time counterfeiter already, a thief.
Then he goes on to say,
of the one having roused and awakened him
out of a lifeless corpse.
Since Paul will claim that...
this Ayusu Christu fellow was the fullness
of the Godhead that all of God fed
into that man.
So that was all there was to God.
How did he die?
Who killed him?
How does one,
if your God is so small,
first of all,
that he fits into a man,
then you have a really pathetic God and
your God is not God.
A God that the entirety would fit into
a man, I'm telling you, ain't God.
It is so stupid to think otherwise.
It's ridiculous.
And then to believe that God can be
killed,
that God himself was a lifeless corpse.
But wait a minute,
you're saying the father was the one who
aroused him,
but you're saying that later that your
Iosuchristo was the fullness of the
Godhead.
He was everything.
So...
How was that possible?
Or you're not supposed to think this
through.
You're just supposed to believe what I,
Paul, say.
Yeah,
just stop pointing out our contradictions.
Stop pointing out our contradictions.
That's not fair.
Galatians one, one,
that was not a very good start.
It is interesting indeed telling that this
man who was born Sha'uwl would choose to
rename himself,
discarding his Hebrew heritage in the
process.
The language of God's revelation was
rejected to select a Latin nom de plume.
Sha'uwl, now Paulos,
was thereby estranging himself from
Yahowah's testimony while reflecting his
allegiance to Rome,
mankind's most powerful and most sadistic
kingdom.
There was no place on earth more overtly
religious, more aggressively political,
more savagely militaristic,
more covetous and deplorable than Rome.
At this moment,
no other nation was as morally bankrupt or
as ruthlessly oppressive.
And it would be Rome that would forever
earn Yahowah's wrath for destroying his
covenant home in seventy C.E.
and his city in one thirty three C.E.
It is Rome that Gabriel, David,
God's most competent and courageous man,
called Israel.
as the fourth beast that grew out of
Babylon,
the one that was so vicious and savage.
This change in identity, therefore,
in shifting alliances should have been
sufficient in and of itself to motivate
readers to Sha'uwl, question him.
Now, the opening line affirms that Paulus,
using his replacement moniker,
wanted his audience to believe that he was
an apostle,
and thus either on the same footing or
at least in the league of, or above,
if you will,
the supposed disciples that he would write
about.
He said that he had been Apostolos,
prepared and placed as a delegate and
messenger of Iosu Christu,
which is telling because the translators
of this statement correctly transliterated
Paulos and Apostolos,
and yet could not accurately render the
Hebrew name Iosu was replacing.
Hmm.
It's interesting, of course,
that the Gospels,
the character attributed to Jesus,
said no such thing.
The title apostle was not given to Sha'uwl
Apollos by Yahowah either.
He's O for two.
In fact...
He's gonna have to find a different God
because Yahowah is the only God according
to the Torah, prophets, and Psalms,
and he didn't afford Sha'uwl of that title.
In fact,
he tells us that Sha'uwl is the plague
of death.
Sorry, pal.
In fact, rather than speaking for God,
God said that Sha'uwl,
Paul spoke presumptuously and deceitfully
for himself.
This proof,
This is proof, I should say,
that Sha'uwl sought the status he did not
deserve and did not earn,
which is the nature of all charlatans.
It's like Trump saying,
I'm the greatest president ever.
Paulos' claim that his message was
unrelated to any man or men is also
untrue.
He, by his own admission,
was trained as a rabbi.
He was the first to actually declare that
he was a rabbi in writing.
And this, like every letter Paul wrote,
reads very much like the Talmud,
which is a collection of rabbinical
arguments regarding the Torah,
which are designed to empower the words of
men above those inspired by God.
Now,
it should be noted that if he had
written Hamasiyak Yahusha rather than
Ayusu Christu,
even that would have been wrong.
While Yahusha is a Hebrew name and it
appears to be the one Ayusu seeks to
replace,
the only Yahusha known to Yahowah was
Yahusha ben Nun.
And Yahusha ben Nun was Moshe's successor.
Long, long time before this event.
Further, HaMashiach , the Messiah title,
belongs to one man, to Dowd.
With the Melech king, Ra'ah Shepherd,
and Ben Elohim also being the very son
of God,
he's speaking of God's beloved Dowd,
David.
Yahowah's testimony in this regard is
comprehensive, it's consistent,
and it's incontrovertible.
That's why I began this series by taking
you to what Yahowah wrote of Dowd,
naming him in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr .
Dowd is the chosen one, he is.
the one who enabled the covenant and
therefore the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Mekotam.
He is the Messiah.
He is the Son of God.
There's just no debate,
no question about it to claim anything
else is to be ignorant.
Therefore,
someone familiar with the Torah, Wanabi,
should never have misappropriated a title
that had been given by God to his
beloved Dowd.
And perhaps that is why even the myth
attributed to Jesus and the Gospels is
never recorded referring to himself as the
Messiah or Son of God.
Never.
Repeatedly and exclusively,
he called himself the Son of Man,
which is the title used in Ezekiel.
And Ezekiel was a false prophet.
So it's not looking good for the myth
thus far.
Now,
pause a moment and consider the gravity of
these realizations.
Had Paul respected those proper
designation rather than recasting and
misrepresenting his titles,
there would have been no Christians and
Jews might actually have understood who
God was when he served as the Passover
lamb and what he was doing.
There were two names changed in Sha'uwl's
opening salvo,
both of which were originally Hebrew,
with one, Sha'uwl, becoming the Roman,
and the other becoming Iousou Christou,
and this was rendered as if the mythical
man were Greek.
With the first stroke of his pen,
Paul revealed his magnum opus,
replacement theology.
All things Yahowah had promised to Abraham,
Yitschaq, and Jacob,
to Dowd and to Yisrael and Yahuwdym,
throughout his Torah and Nabium,
were snatched away from them and they were
awarded to the edifice that Paul was
creating, the Christian church.
Stealing from one to give to the other.
When we cast both men under their given
names, the story is clear.
Sha'uwl was trying to hide from the
prophecies Yahowah had spoken to condemn
him.
And in the process,
Dowd's name was replaced while Yahowah's
name was abolished.
The actual Messiah's second life as our
Savior was obscured.
This is the disingenuous foundation of
Christendom.
a religion whose very name is predicated
upon an obvious fraud.
And it is all evident to see right
here in the first line of Paulos' first
letter.
Truth was the initial casualty.
Life was the second.
Had Dowd not fulfilled his role as
Ha-Pisach-E-El, the Passover lamb,
Death would be the end of life for
all of us.
There is no other means to immortality.
This is one of many truths that Paul
obfuscated, damning all Christians.
Dowd knew who he was and what he
was doing.
It is Christians who have misidentified
and miscast him in the form of another
to promote their religion rather than
the relationship that Dowd sacrificed
himself to achieve,
it would be their loss.
Now,
whether you concur with Yahowah and Dowd on
this matter, this junction is your choice.
My job is to tell you the truth,
to lay all the words God revealed face
up on the table and explain what they
mean.
So long as you are not disparaging Yahowah
and Yahuwdym, what you decide is,
it's your business.
If properly identifying the characters in
Yahowah's story,
beginning with God himself as Yahowah ,
and coming to appreciate the roles each
play, such as Dowd as our savior,
is important to you,
then mark this page and set this book
down for a good while.
Please go to the yadaya.com website and
open
volumes one of coming home a voice
beginning reading there until you're
satisfied we can read on to coming home
volumes two and three and soon there'll be
a fourth then if you're curious as to
the nature of the ploy that Paul is
presenting
then you can return to twistianity for the
sake of the billions still beguiled by
this deceit or God's people who have been
so harassed by it.
Other than the two speeches recorded by
the Ebonim and pilfered by Matthew,
inclusive of the instruction on the Mount
and perhaps the Olivet Discourse,
We know very little of what Dowd said
during the second of three lives.
The only eyewitness reporting on the
fulfillment of Pesach Matz and Bikuwrym  was
composed a thousand years in advance in
first person by the lone participant,
Dowd himself, in Mizmowr Psalms,
twenty-two and eighty-eight.
although they are more than sufficient in
their gruesome as well as glorious detail
that we don't need anything more.
There is a reason we have the words
of Yahowah's prophets accurately preserved
in the language that God and they spoke,
and we have nothing from Ius Christus
similarly maintained.
Yahowah told his prophets,
beginning with Moshe,
to write every word down so that his
testimony would be accurately preserved
for future generations.
And we are the beneficiaries of God's
relentless insistence on recording
everything he said in writing.
We have none of this in the Jesus
myth.
Iesus Christus, now called Jesus Christ,
Like the, unlike, I should say,
the great liberator, Moshe, Moses.
The articulate judge, Samuel, Samuel.
The brilliant lyricist, Dowd,
known as David.
Or any of the prophets such as Yasha'yah ,
Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Zakar iah,
Zakar iah.
They did not scribe a single word.
Completely unlike everyone else who spoke
for God.
He didn't even ask his supposed disciples
to commit anything he said to writing.
I mean,
we're dealing with the exact opposite.
You have fastidious dedication to a
contemporary written account as the words
of God are being spoken,
to not writing anything down,
not mythical Jesus.
I don't know, myths have hands anyway,
but...
Not mythical Jesus,
not mythical Jesus' apostles that were
never told to do so.
And the first letter that we find,
the first written account appears,
twenty years later,
and it's written by a complete and utter
fraud.
No, this isn't the least bit credible.
There is only the remotest and most
tortured of possibilities.
that one of the accounts, John,
may have done so on his own initiative.
But even then,
it would have been six decades later that
he would have written it when he was
ninety years old.
And even then,
we have absolutely no indication of any
kind that it was written by a quote
unquote disciple.
Yeah,
he would have been hobbling around
Ephesus.
Can you imagine at a time when the
average person who was not a Roman citizen
lived to the ripe old age of about
twenty five in the Roman Empire?
He would have been ninety.
Highly unlikely.
Yeah, I think the possibility of that.
And let's just say that that is the
case,
that it's this old guy and he's trying
to remember what happened.
Sixty plus years ago.
without having written anything down in
the meantime,
in a different language than was spoken
and that he learned as a child in
a foreign language, sixty years later,
as he is now moved to one of
the glory cities of Rome and Ephesus.
And after all of that time, he said,
yeah,
I think maybe I should write some of
this stuff down.
What do you think?
It was so important to me that every
word was so important to me.
I'm going to wait sixty years before I
write any of this down.
That makes you credible.
The whole thing is just ludicrous.
You know,
he was as far removed in time and
place for it to be even remotely credible.
And the evidence in favor of his
exceedingly unlikely happenstance is a
triple hearsay clothed in incredulous
religious fables.
We can bemoan this reality,
but we cannot deny it.
So perhaps we should seek to understand
it.
And in this regard,
the answer is staring us in the face.
Yahowah inspired his prophets to speak to
us and his son, our Messiah, Dowd,
to act on our behalf.
Yahowah's words lead to the Zeruah's lives
and to his lyrics.
Dowd was not here to provide additional
prophecy or commentary,
but instead to fulfill what he and other
prophets had already written about him.
We will find everything we need to know
about the role and result of the Passover
lamb, scribed in the Torah,
Nabi wa Mizmowr ,
notably in Kara called out Leviticus,
and
In Yasha'yah ,
Yahowah liberates and saves Isaiah,
along with the Lamb's eyewitness accounts
in the twenty-second and twenty-eighth
Mizmowr Psalms.
Well, that is a lot to digest.
I would like to move on to other,
albeit related, matters.
Dowd spoke for himself and for Yahowah ,
but against religion.
He did not predict the arrival of another
or sponsor a new faith.
And since Dowd and Yahowah's words are
available to us in the languages they
themselves spoke and have been preserved,
we already know what Dowd would have said
if asked about these things.
Hell no.
Further, Sha'uwl Paul,
to have claimed to have spoken for his
fabled Iosu Christus,
he would have had to have cited what
he is alleged to have said in the
Gospels.
If he was appointed to speak for and
to represent this character, Io Sucristu,
who now only exists in the Gospels that
were written twenty years after this
letter,
Why didn't Paul once cite anything he
said?
Never once.
And that makes the whole myth of Paul
representing an Iosu Christu laughable.
Well, he says he speaks for God,
but he doesn't actually quote anything.
Oh,
and when Paul claims to cite a prophecy
to justify his ludicrous position,
he never once quotes God accurately.
Never once.
He always takes the citation out of
context, truncates it,
and then misrepresents it so it conveys
the opposite of what God actually said.
And he does it a hundred times.
No.
Zero percent possibility that any of this
is true.
And just reason alone dictates the answer.
There isn't a single citation from Ius
Christus to be found anywhere within
Paul's fourteen letters.
The closest he comes to is a misquote
of his role as the Passover lamb in
association with the covenant,
which by itself invalidates the imposter's
dependence upon replacement theology,
because any association between Passover
and the covenant completely obliterates
Paul's entire proposition.
Oops.
To claim to speak for someone, to assert,
to have been chosen to represent them,
and then never to have quoted anything
that individual had to say.
Yes, well,
it's either disrespectful and disingenuous
or just plain old deceitful.
Simply stated,
the self-proclaimed and wholly
unsubstantiated assertion that Sha'uwl Paul
was chosen to speak for anyone other than
for himself,
particularly Yahowah and his Messiah, Dowd,
is a lie.
And it is obvious and simple as that.
To deny this reality is to be either
ignorant or irrational or both.
But then again,
I suppose that's why they call it faith.
Now I wonder if Christians have ever
considered why Paul's new name appeared
first in his letter and Yahowah's name was
not mentioned.
As a rabbi student,
Paul would have known it and would have
been taught to avoid it.
But without it,
there is a zero percent possibility that
he spoke for Yahowah .
Moreover,
Sha'uwl would have known that everyone,
without exception, inspired by Yahowah ,
continually integrates Yahowah's name
throughout their testimony and never
mentions the name of,
or any other name for God, not one.
But Sha'uwl, Paul,
did not mention Yahowah's name ever in any
of his fourteen letters,
which means that his fraud
was deliberate.
By failing to incorporate Yahowah's name,
like the rabbis after him,
Paul conclusively demonstrated,
for all who are familiar with the Torah's
test for inspiration,
that he was not a prophet and that
he did not speak for God.
The consequence, by the way,
for this is death.
And while we have been over this before,
bears repeating, God said,
with absolute certainty,
the person who proclaims a message on
behalf of a deity,
who deliberately oversteps their bounds
and speaks arrogantly and presumptuously,
defiantly and deliberately concocting a
religious scheme
for the express purpose of conveying words
under my reputation and designation,
which I have not expressly appointed,
taught, authorized,
or directed him to convey or who speaks
in the name of other or additional gods,
then that prophet is clearly deadly.
And if you say using your best judgment,
how can we actually recognize and
consistently know the statements which
Yahowah himself has not spoken?
When a prophet speaks in the reputation
and designation of Yahowah and the matter
discussed has not occurred or does not
come to be,
this is a message that Yahowah has not
spoken to him.
Such a prophet has stated it arrogantly,
presumptively,
and independently of his own accord.
You should not revere or respect him for
having conspired to incite an alienating
rebellion.
It is as if this was written explicitly
to warn the world
especially Yisrael, about Sha'uwl Paul.
Unlike Paul,
neither Akiba nor Maimonides  ventured into
historical narratives or prophecy.
And while Muhammad did both,
he spoke of Allah,
not the God of the Torah.
Moreover, he was so pathetic,
we don't need any help rejecting him.
Of course,
Yahowah's test for inspiration,
one Paul failed as miserably as would
Muhammad after him, does not stand alone.
Before it,
we find Yahowah repudiating religion.
He said, indeed.
Indeed.
When you come upon the land,
which for the benefit of the relationship
Yahowah your God is giving to you,
you should not accept, learn,
teach or imitate,
such that you act upon and engage in
any semblance of any of the disgusting
religious rights and political practices
of the Gentiles.
Same chapter, Dabarim, Words, Deuteronomy,
verse eight, nine.
There shall not be found among you one
who causes his son or daughter to pass
through or perish in flames,
someone predicting the future based upon
pagan religious notions,
such as a false prophet or a
conspiratorialist,
a person who obscures the truth and
believes in spiritualism,
or one who tempts and charms others,
an individual who entices and seduces
people to worship,
and to pray one who joins in and
binds together by forming political or
religious alliances one who is obsessed
with ghosts and makes requests of saints
or speaks on behalf of dead souls a
con man who beguiles in association with
demonic spirits or one who causes the
premier premature death of others in
association with a destructive plague the
body in
For indeed,
all who engage in and act upon these
things are an abomination,
considered abhorrent and detestable to
Yahowah .
And so,
as a consequence of this repulsive
religious excrement and filthy idolatrous
crap, Yahowah your God will drive them out.
He will dispossess them and then destroy
them.
from your presence, the body and words,
Deuteronomy, eighteen, twelve.
Now this warning is directed at the most
pervasive and destructive Gentile religion
in all of human history,
particularly as you consider its effect on
Jews, Pauline Christianity.
Avoid it like the plague it has become.
It was then that Yahowah revealed that we
can be made right with him.
And the means to this ideal state of
affairs is through Dowd.
And that is why God shared this amazing
prophecy regarding his son and our Messiah
and savior.
It reads,
you can actually become completely and
continually perfected by being
consistently right
Becoming acceptable with Yahowah , your God.
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy, By comparison,
these people from different races and
places who you shall dispossess, remove.
Who will dispossess and remove.
They listen to false prophets who obscure
the truth with myths.
Anon, spellbinders, spiritualists,
those blowing smoke.
And
They believe in antiquated religious
notions and invalid opinion makers.
But as for you,
this is not the correct way.
Yahowah , your God,
has offered for you to approach.
And then he said, speaking of David,
a prophet from among your midst,
from your brethren, similar to me,
Yahowah , your God,
will raise up and position to take a
stand, which establishes and affirms you.
To him,
I want you to actually and continually
listen.
This is consistent with everything which
you requested while questioning Yahowah .
your god in chorab during the day of
the assembly when you said never again let
me hear the voice of Yahowah my god
nor let me see and witness this intense
fire anymore lest i die therefore Yahowah
said to me this is actually better
and they have appropriately conveyed their
presence and preference.
Hmm.
Which means that God in the flesh is
not going to happen.
Hmm.
Not going to see his fire,
not going to hear directly from him.
Hmm.
Okay.
I will raise up and establish a prophet
for them from among their brothers,
similar to you,
and I will put my words in his
mouth, and I will convey...
and he will convey them to you,
everything which for the benefit of the
relationship I instructed him.
The Dowd was that prophet.
And it shall come to be that an
individual who will not listen to my
words, which he shall declare in my name,
I myself will seek it of him,
and I will hold him accountable for it,
requiring it of him.
In other words, Dowd fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Mekutim and spoke of it.
And if you don't know it,
God's going to hold you accountable for
having missed it.
So I want to express my appreciation to
Yama for making this so easy for us.
But I must apologize for how poorly we
have responded.
You asked us not to be religious and
religious.
to be right with you instead.
But then your people complained that they
were uncomfortable in your presence.
You presented the ideal solution,
your beloved son, Dowd.
And I'm sorry to say that it's taken
us so very long to fully appreciate
everything you have done for us through
him.
So it is long past time that we
eradicate
the viral plagues wrought by the likes of
Paul, Akiba, and Muhammad,
so that free of them your people might
return to you?
Of course,
it gets worse for the author of the
Christian New Testament,
because by excluding Yahowah's name from
his letters and speeches,
Sha'uwl Paul committed the lone unforgivable
crime against God and man.
Recorded in the third statement of the
first tablet,
the negation of Yahowah's name
is listed as unforgivable a crime for
which there is no redemption having
renounced it and having done so publicly
and egregiously we can be assured that
Sha'uwl will endure an eternity in Sheowl
along with satan the adversary who
possessed him and who inspired him now
while this
is small barley, if you will,
compared to the mountain of garbage that
we have just considered.
Had Paulos been correct about Dowd being
Haimaseach in his letter,
the pseudonym and title were reversed.
And this is no, Paulo, small mistake.
With Iosu Christu,
the errant name and erroneous title are
reversed,
giving the false impression that the
individual's name was Jesus Christ.
More on this in a moment.
Now,
turning to the final mistake on Paul's
initial sentence, God did not die.
God cannot die.
He did not fall asleep either.
With absolute certainty,
we know that Dowd's Bashar corporal body
was destroyed after having served its
purpose,
consistent with the Torah's instructions.
Therefore, his corpse was not resurrected.
All of this is a lie,
wholly inconsistent with Yahowah's teaching
and prophecy on the subject of the
Passover lamb.
By being Tsadaq , right, with Yahowah ,
Dowd represented the perfect Pesach Eyal.
Moments before his physical body was
sacrificed on our behalf as the Pesach
lamb,
Dowd's nefesh soul spoke of the
separation,
or the separation certainly that he might
have felt from Yahowah , and saying, my God,
my God,
Why have you forsaken me?
Well,
he was headed with his nephesh was into
Sheowl
to carry our guilt and deposit it
there.
And after which time souls,
Dowd's soul was protected in Sheowl
by this
set apart spirit and reunited with Yahowah
spirit.
Well, the son of God entered,
reentered the father's home.
Now,
the reason he made this declarative
statement was twofold.
First,
he wanted to direct our attention to the
lyrics he wrote in his second,
his twenty-second Mizmowr ,
which begins with that statement that God
would help us understand that David is the
one who was doing all of this on
our behalf.
It's there for all to see.
It's the only eyewitness account of the
fulfillment of Passover on yeasted bread
and firstborn children.
And it's excruciatingly graphic and
precise.
Now,
the second reason that Dowd made this
declaration is because it completely
undermines the religion that would be used
to mischaracterize him and misconstrue his
sacrifice to rob him of his achievements
and accolades.
Based upon this declaration,
God did not die for anyone's sins.
In fact, God did not die at all.
It was Dowd's body who died,
not even Dowd's body.
nephesh soul further jesus christ never
existed which would preclude the notion
that he was god with Dowd uh parting
statement there is nothing left of
christianity you know Dowd says our jesus
is as much god as his dionysus upon
which jesus was also modeled
In his own words,
as they were pronounced one thousand years
in advance by the Messiah and Son of
God,
Dowd's corporeal and beaten body was left
on a Roman torture stake to die as
the Passover lamb.
Please pause once again and to consider
the implications of this.
He sacrificed his body to nurture the
family and promote eternal life.
And had the Pesach ale not been offered
on this occasion in concert with the
Torah's instructions,
we would have been deprived of the
opportunity to live past this mortal
existence.
Yahowah had made this promise to Abraham
and he was affirming the covenant saying
that he would provide the ale lamb and
he did with his beloved son, Dowd.
This, of course,
negates the foundation of replacement
theology.
According to Paul,
Jews were condemned by his God because,
well, they killed Jesus.
And while it was Rome, not Jews,
who slew the lamb,
had Jews been responsible for leading the
Passover lamb to the sacrifice,
the world should be applauding them for
doing what needed to be done.
Therefore,
we can be assured that the Christian
mythology underlying replacement theology
is invalid.
God could not be angry with his people
for doing what he intended.
Just because men are capricious and
unreliable does not mean that
God turned away from Israel,
withdrawing every promise he had made on
their behalf.
He did not transfer these sworn oaths to
the people who murdered the Lamb of God
either.
The Romans who became Roman Catholics and
the Roman Catholic Church, well, no,
they would be part of the plot.
They're on the wrong side.
So the case for Christendom has quickly
unraveled.
In accordance with the Torah,
the physical body of the Passover lamb was
offered so that we might live.
His soul, however, did not die.
It descended into Sheowl
,
the place of separation from God,
on the Miqrah of matzah,
known as uneasted bread,
to remove the fungus of religion and
political rebellion from our souls.
It was the most horrid experience
imaginable and thus hardly a snooze.
The consequence of ignoring Pesach and
Matzah,
which is precisely what Paul did in his
opening declaration, is life and death.
Salvation versus damnation.
Without Passover, we remain mortal.
Without Matzah, we retain our guilt.
So while Bikuwrym , firstborn children,
once warrants our attention,
without Pesach and Matzah,
there is nothing to celebrate.
Now,
should you credit Paul with an indirect
mention of the Passover lamb and that he
acknowledged that there was a corpse,
there is something far worse than failing
to capitalize on Pesach.
It is why Pesach and matzah are one
contiguous event,
one inseparable from the other.
To benefit from Passover while ignoring
un-yeasted bread is to become eternally
separated from God.
He calls this outcome Sheowl
hell.
That was Paul's invitation to Christians.
It is synonymous, of course,
with Sha'uwl since he has naming rights
because he has directed more souls there
than any other.
There are depictions, big and small,
woven into the
this deceivers claim that should be noted
as deceptions godfather the one having
roused and wakened him out of a lifeless
corpse necros death uselessness futile
vein a vain carcass an ineffectual
powerless and deceased cadaver a dead body
having breathed its last
God did not rouse his beloved son.
The body of the Passover lamb never comes
back to life.
The Passover AL restores our lives,
not his own.
There would have been no purpose to the
sacrifice if Dowd's body had been
reanimated, rising from the dead.
Assuring that the observant individual
would never make this mistake,
Yahowah told us to incinerate the inedible
portions of the pisake el after being
nourished by the meal.
Therefore, the same evening the Mashiach ,
Do's body, served as the lamb,
his corpse was destroyed,
incinerating
It was incinerated by Yahowah's light.
This is from Shemoth, the names, Exodus,
twelve, ten.
There could not have been a bodily
resurrection of someone fulfilling
Passover because there was no longer a
body.
For those who may protest saying that the
alleged disciples saw him,
let's keep it real.
Even in the myths attributed to the
misnomer Jesus,
His mother and the women in his life
mistook him for a gardener.
The fellows on the road to Emmaus,
who had been in Jerusalem as these events
were transpiring,
were clueless as to who he was when
he approached them on that day.
According to Luke, verse,
The same evening,
with his supposed followers,
he not only passed through a wall,
something a physical body cannot
accomplish,
even they did not recognize him.
John, twenty-nineteen.
When his soul reunited with his father's
ruach,
Dowd was no longer using the tortured body
that had served this purpose.
He had
made if he had made any appearance in
our physical world which is highly
unlikely it would have been as the
covenant children will one day be and be
able to do by transferring a small amount
of his spiritual energy into matter as a
result of passover unyeasted bread and
firstborn children and having been
enriched and empowered by his father but
it would have been no purpose for it
He had already provided the eyewitness.
That is a whole lot better than returning
in the body.
The Romans had mutilated actually and
distorted when they tortured him.
It is why I'm so disgusted,
as is God,
by the Christian propensity to worship
Jesus Christ as the dead God on a
stick.
and then claimed that his ravaged body was
resurrected.
It's disgusting.
Physical bodies are burdensome, folks.
They're limiting.
They degrade over time.
With a body,
we cannot leave this solar system,
much less explore the universe or enter
heaven.
Bodily resurrection is physically
impossible and totally counterproductive.
The miracle is a result of chagmatza,
where the perfected becomes Yahowah's
child, a member of the covenant family,
enriched, empowered,
and enlightened by him.
But the beneficiaries are souls,
not bodies.
During those three days,
Dowd's regenerated body that Yahowah put
him in when he returned him a thousand
years after the end of his first life,
served as the Passover lamb.
And what was left of it after enduring
Roman torture was incinerated,
ceasing to exist in harmony with the
Torah's instructions.
His soul then entered Sheowl
on Matzah to
unleaven our souls.
Then on the Miqrah of Bikuwrym ,
known as firstborn children, the Mekor,
the firstborn of gods, the Messiah,
according to gods,
soul was reunited with his father.
becoming the firstborn of the covenant.
Thereby the Torah's promise to make us
immortal, to perfect us,
to adopt us was fulfilled.
That's God's story.
It holds together.
Not this mush by Paul.
Then as further evidence that a corpse was
not reanimated or resurrected as Paul has
written,
the only common denominator among the
three gospel accounts is
after the fulfillment of passover and that
snooze on matzah because well they didn't
have any idea what happened was that no
one recognized him not very credible is it
in the opening statement Paul got
everything wrong his name his title his
status
his sponsor, his inspiration,
Dowd's name and title, Yahowah's name,
the relationship between Yahowah and his
beloved son,
all while promoting the myth that God
died, fell asleep on the job,
and was bodily resurrected from a corpse.
It was not an auspicious beginning.
God himself proves that each of the
explanations I have laid before you is
valid.
In due time,
we will consider Yahowah's position on each
of them,
because without continually sharing
Yahowah's view,
this book fails to live up to its
potential.
My goal is not to leave Christians
floundering,
but instead to replace the lies that Paul
has sown with the truth according to God.
I will take away nothing that is
worthwhile,
but for those who are receptive,
I will provide you with a clear and
correct path to God.
In this regard, Sha'uwl Paul did not say,
at least in his opening line,
that he was speaking for God the Father.
That subtly is lost on most Christians who
have replaced Yahowah with God.
their Lord Jesus Christ,
in effect focusing on a myth as opposed
to God.
This issue isn't insignificant.
Even if we were to play along and
pretend that there was a Jesus Christ,
he could not have been equivalent to God.
Even by the myth's own admission,
he is cited saying,
the Father is greater than am I.
John, fourteen, twenty eight.
All of God cannot fit into human form.
And the undiminished presence of God would
consume our planet, our solar system,
our galaxy, the universe.
this known the possibility of a diminished
manifestation of god in this way is only
possible in some very complicated uh
processes
you can take Einstein's famous equation,
E equals MC squared,
and you can understand how a soul,
which is energy,
and enveloped in light can take some tiny
aspect of it and become a matter because
the energy is the matter times the square
of the speed of light.
So since Yahowah is spirit and describes
himself as light, he is energy.
Men are corporeal and thus matter.
Einstein's formula reveals that energy and
matter are exactly the same thing.
They're just not the equivalent amount of
the same thing.
You know,
it's like a tiny little speck of a
diamond and a house built of diamonds
would be a comparison.
He proved that matter was a substantially
diminished form of energy.
If the mythical Jesus was the equivalent
of Yahowah ,
known as the Lord's Prayer, Matthew six,
nine, becomes nonsensical.
It would have had Jesus saying,
pray to me who is not in heaven,
set apart is my name, my kingdom come,
my will be done in earth as it
is in heaven.
Recognizing that they were not the same
thing,
it's curious that Paul saw himself
representing the mythical representation.
Now a Greek word that we translate apostle
from apostolo,
when used correctly is important,
it means
to be set apart, prepared, and equipped.
While Paulos was the furthest thing from
this, even today,
far too many individuals go off pretending
to be witnesses without first studying the
Torah and prophets.
As a result,
those who are inadequately prepared and
improperly enlightened, well,
as we have witnessed,
they do far more harm than good because
they typically say and write stuff that's
really stupid.
Paul was also missing from what
would have been the most important event
recorded in Acts had it been true,
the fulfillment of the fourth invitation
to be called out and meet of seven
Shabbats,
what Christians have errantly called
Pentecost fifty.
Those fooled into believing that during
the Miqrah,
the supposed disciples were filled with
the Holy Spirit, Acts two,
have a number of issues to overcome.
First, Shabbu is a harvest,
and there was none on this day.
Second,
those harvested must previously have
benefited from the fulfillment of the
first three Miqraey ,
because it is a bakudam harvest,
and bakudam is the result of pisak and
matzah.
You could not have benefited from
Shabuwah h,
without observing all three,
none of which they have paid any attention
to.
All of which, of course,
the New Testament denies.
And third,
the wheat harvest of Shabuwah  is in our
future.
It was not in our past,
two thousand years ago.
It will occur in succession,
May twenty-second, twenty-twenty-six,
and June eleven, twenty-twenty-seven.
This is seven years prior to Dowd's return
with Yahowah .
Even in the gospel fables,
there were twelve disciples chosen by
Jesus.
Not one was religious,
as was the case with Paul,
who called himself a really good rabbi.
They were said to have accompanied him and
witnessed his every word and deed.
And that is why they were referred to
as disciples, meaning those who learn.
But from this introduction,
as well as from the introduction Paulos
wrote to the Corinthians, Romans,
Colossians, and Ephesians,
we know that Sha'uwl Paul was too full
of himself to be a learner.
So he passed on the disciple moniker
altogether.
It was beneath his ego.
He would instead be a teacher.
Still,
Paul coveted a title that did not belong
to him by his craving to be seen
as important and credible.
By arrogantly and presumptuously
overstepping his bounds,
he knew that every word of what he
had written, it was a lie.
And he would repeat these lies many times.
Now,
one of the reasons we know that Paulos
intended to convey apostle as a title
rather than use apostolos as a descriptive
term is that his letters to Rome and
Corinth, he writes,
Paulos called an apostle.
The people and women he fooled called him
by the title he craved.
Since Paul claimed to speak for God,
it is our responsibility to consider him
His statement in the light of the Dabarim
words, Deuteronomy,
thirteen and eighteen tests that were
established by God to evaluate the
legitimacy and consequence of such
assertions.
Well,
we will dive into the first of these
in the future as we move through other
chapters of Paul's letters.
Suffice it to say for now.
Yahowah revealed that the best way to
recognize who is and isn't speaking for
him is to realize what he himself has
previously conveyed and whether or not he
specifically acknowledged the role that
that person would play in the past through
prior prophecies.
No shall we mention other than to say
he was the plague of death.
There is no denotation of an apostle
title.
None of this was foretold.
Therefore, Paul lied.
And he didn't speak for Yahowah .
Now,
to accomplish what needs to be known to
validate or invalidate Paul,
we must examine and carefully consider the
Torah and juxtaposition what Paul said
next to it.
Yeah, it was clear,
revealing that no one is authorized to add
to or subtract from his Torah.
So if you negate it, you're a liar.
If we witness the Torah's role in our
lives being diminished by anyone like
Paul,
or we find a writer adding something new
to it, like the rabbis and the Talmud,
More like a new covenant.
We should be careful because such a person
is not speaking for God,
even though they're claiming to do so.
And to bottom thirteen.
Yahowah reveals that if the prophet stands
up and establishes himself as Paulos has
done, he is a false prophet.
If he claims to have performed miracles as
Paulos will do, he is a false prophet.
If he encourages his audience to go after
other gods by other names,
like the Romans Gratia or the Greek
Cheris, whom Paul sponsored,
even the Iosuchristus,
he is a false prophet.
If he promotes religious worship,
which is the result of Paulos' letters,
he is a false prophet.
If his writings fail to affirm his love
and respect for Yahowah ,
when he does not even know him,
he is a false prophet.
And that is a problem for Paulos,
because he implies that Yahowah is
incompetent, impotent, oh, and far,
far worse.
In addition,
a man is a false prophet if he
encourages anyone to disregard the terms
and conditions of the Beryth  or the Miqraey
of Yahowah ,
the covenant or the invitations to meet,
which comprise Yahowah's way.
And of such prophet,
God says they are in opposition to him,
both ruinous and deadly,
so that we should completely remove their
disagreeable,
displeasing and evil corruptions from our
midst.
Then in Dabatim, as we are aware,
Yahowah delineated the six signs of a false
prophet.
They claim to speak for him.
They're arrogant,
overstepping their bounds.
Their words are inconsistent with the
Torah's instructions.
They recite the names of foreign gods.
The historical presentations are
inaccurate and their prophetic promises
fail to materialize.
Sha'uwl Paul failed every codicil of this
test.
everyone in his opening salvo Paul claimed
that he did not represent any man or
any human institution and that would of
course include the ecclesia which is the
greek term which has been co-opted to
represent the christian church and what
would have
That, of course,
would have made Sha'uwl a freelancer,
an operator on his own recognizance,
an independent contractor,
because he did not associate himself even
with his own ecclesia, church.
flip side of this admission is also
problematic if Sha'uwl Paul did not write on
behalf of what he learned from religious
teachers in rabbinical school then his
ubiquitous references to the nomos must
denote the torah as opposed to the talmud
this being the case the principal
methodology used by those who are
Torah observant to reconcile Paul's
epistles with Yahowah's word was torn
asunder by this statement because they all
claim that Paul was speaking of the
Talmud, not the Torah,
when he is negating it.
But if he is not taught by men,
he can't be referencing the Talmud,
could he?
The facts are evident.
They're undeniable.
There is no getting around the realization
that the nomos is an object of scorn
and ridicule in this epistle.
And at no time does Sha'uwl associate the
nomos with rabbinic law,
citing Talmudic sources.
Not once, ever.
On the contrary,
his examples and citations are all from
the Torah,
clearly identifying the document he is
assailing.
And that's a death knell.
Also convicting,
if Paulos was speaking for Iusus,
why didn't he quote him?
If he was Yahowah's messenger,
why is Yahowah's word discounted and never
cited accurately in any one of Paul's
letters?
Why, if Paul was speaking for God,
is his most repeated theme and line,
but I, Paulos, say?
If Sha'uwl was Yahowah's apostle,
why do his letters contradict God?
Probably a good place for us to conclude
this program.
We'll return to our rainbow studio on
another day.
We thank you for listening to Appalling
Twistianity.